Add API endpoint to know if a user can download at least one file in a Dataset version (#10167)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/api/native-api.rst

  curl -H "X-Dataverse-key: $API_TOKEN" -X GET "$SERVER_URL/api/datasets/$ID/userPermissions"

> Know if a User can download at least one File from a Dataset Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Know If a User Can Download at Least One File from a Dataset Version
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This API call allows to know if the calling user can download at least one file of a dataset version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API endpoint indicates if the calling user can download at least one file from a dataset version. Note that Shibboleth group permissions are not considered.
```

.. code-block:: bash

  export SERVER_URL=https://demo.dataverse.org
  export ID=24
  export VERSION=1.0

  curl -H "X-Dataverse-key: $API_TOKEN" -X GET "$SERVER_URL/api/datasets/$ID/versions/$VERSION/canDownloadAtLeastOneFile"

> 

Reviewer: In the past we've been asked to add fully expanded versions. See this PR:

- #6579

This isn't a hard requirement for the PR, but I'd feel remiss if I didn't mention it.

Author: Makes sense! Adding it now.

Reviewer: Thanks, these little things can help the users out.
